---
title: 'PAGE posters and presentations at ICHG-ASHG, October 11-15, 2011, Montreal Quebec'
layout: post
---

Here is a list of PAGE posters and presentations at ICHG, October 11-15, 2011.

Platform Presentations ([Find abstracts from the meeting here](https://www.ashg.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/2011-poster-abstracts.pdf))

* Buyske: Use and performance of the Metabochip Genotyping Array in African Americans: the PAGE Study

* Dumitrescu: Epidemiologic Architecture for Genes Linked to Environment: serum vitamins A and E modify HDL-C, LDL-C, and triglyceride GWAS-identified associations in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys.

Posters

* Schumacher: Fine-mapping of Type 2 Diabetes Risk Loci in African Americans Using the Metabochip: The PAGE Study.

* Pendergrass: Phenome-Wide Association Study (PheWAS) for Exploration of Novel Genotype-Phenotype Associations and Pleiotropy using MetaboChip in the PAGE Network

* Zhang: Characterization of the Associations between rs2231142 (Q141K) in ABCG2 and Serum Uric Acid and Gout in Four U.S. Populations: the PAGE Study.

* Kocarnik: Exploration of pleiotropic effects of inflammation-related disease GWAS SNPs with C-reactive protein levels in the PAGE study

* Taylor: Replication and Discovery of Lipid-Related Loci Exhibiting Heterogeneity by Sex in the Population Architecture Using Genomics and Epidemiology (PAGE) Study.

* Wu: Fine-mapping of lipid loci in multi-ethnic populations detects known functional variants.

* Hsu: Mapping Phenotype Variables to Support Cross-study Data Integration Among Genomic Studies.

* Mitchell: Distribution of Mitochondrial Haplogroups in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys.

* Liu: Genotype Imputation of Metabochip SNPs Using a Study-Specific Reference Panel of 3,924 Haplotypes in African Americans from the Women’s Health Initiative

* Bush: A population genetics analysis of MetaboChip data comparing African-American and European-descent populations
